.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE.md, before:

<!--

************************************************************************************
*READ ME FIRST*

This repository is for reporting bugs with the Docker Desktop for Mac software,
which we respond to on a best-effort basis.

Support requests in this repository (i.e., trouble installing or using the
software) will be ignored, but personalized support is available to Docker Pro and
Team customers at https://hub.docker.com/support/desktop/, and community support is
available from the Docker community Slack (https://www.docker.com/docker-community).

Issues without sufficient detail to debug them will be closed. They generally need
a clear title and description, steps to reproduce, and a diagnostics ID. See
https://docs.docker.com/docker-for-windows/troubleshoot/#diagnose-and-feedback for
how to generate a diagnostics ID either from inside the app or from the command line.
************************************************************************************

-->


<!-- Click these checkboxes after submitting, or place an "x" in them. -->
  - [ ] I have tried with the latest version of Docker Desktop
  - [ ] I have tried disabling enabled experimental features
  - [ ] I have uploaded Diagnostics
  - Diagnostics ID:

### Expected behavior

### Actual behavior

### Information
<!--
Please, help us understand the problem.  For instance:
  - Is it reproducible?
  - Is the problem new?
  - Did the problem appear with an update?
  - A reproducible case if this is a bug, Dockerfiles FTW.
-->
  - macOS Version:
  - Intel chip or Apple chip:
  - Docker Desktop Version:

### Output of `/Applications/Docker.app/Contents/MacOS/com.docker.diagnose check`

### Steps to reproduce the behavior
<!--
A reproducible case, Dockerfiles FTW.
-->

  1. ...
  2. ...

Commit message:

Don't put logfiles in github issues

.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE.md, after:

<!--

************************************************************************************
*READ ME FIRST*

This repository is for reporting bugs with the Docker Desktop for Mac software,
which we respond to on a best-effort basis.

Do *not* paste logfiles into github issues: upload diagnostics instead, which are
only visible to Docker engineers.

Support requests in this repository (i.e., trouble installing or using the
software) will be ignored, but personalized support is available to Docker Pro and
Team customers at https://hub.docker.com/support/desktop/, and community support is
available from the Docker community Slack (https://www.docker.com/docker-community).

Issues without sufficient detail to debug them will be closed. They generally need
a clear title and description, steps to reproduce, and a diagnostics ID. See
https://docs.docker.com/docker-for-windows/troubleshoot/#diagnose-and-feedback for
how to generate a diagnostics ID either from inside the app or from the command line.
************************************************************************************

-->


<!-- Click these checkboxes after submitting, or place an "x" in them. -->
  - [ ] I have tried with the latest version of Docker Desktop
  - [ ] I have tried disabling enabled experimental features
  - [ ] I have uploaded Diagnostics
  - Diagnostics ID:

### Expected behavior

### Actual behavior

### Information
<!--
Please, help us understand the problem.  For instance:
  - Is it reproducible?
  - Is the problem new?
  - Did the problem appear with an update?
  - A reproducible case if this is a bug, Dockerfiles FTW.
-->
  - macOS Version:
  - Intel chip or Apple chip:
  - Docker Desktop Version:

### Output of `/Applications/Docker.app/Contents/MacOS/com.docker.diagnose check`

### Steps to reproduce the behavior
<!--
A reproducible case, Dockerfiles FTW.
-->

  1. ...
  2. ...
